Create docs for v1.0.x (#1855)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/versioned_docs/version-1.0/20-usage/10-intro.md

# Getting started

## Repository Activation

> To activate your project navigate to your account settings. You will see a list of repositories which can be activated with a simple toggle. When you activate your repository, Woodpecker automatically adds webhooks to your forge (e.g. GitHub).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To activate your project navigate to your account settings. You will see a list of repositories which can be activated with a simple toggle. When you activate your repository, Woodpecker automatically adds webhooks to your forge (e.g. GitHub or Gitea).
```

> Webhooks are used to trigger pipeline executions. When you push code to your repository, open a pull request, or create a tag, your forge will automatically send a webhook to Woodpecker which will in turn trigger pipeline execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhooks are used to trigger pipeline executions. When you push code to your repository, open a pull request, or create a tag, your forge will automatically send a webhook to Woodpecker which will in turn trigger the pipeline execution.
```

![repository list](repo-list.png)

> Required Permissions
>
>The user who enables a repo in Woodpecker must have `Admin` rights on that repo, so that Woodpecker can add the webhook.
>
> Note that manually creating webhooks yourself is not possible. This is because webhooks are signed using a per-repository secret key which is not exposed to end users.

# Webhooks

When you activate your repository Woodpecker automatically add webhooks to your forge (e.g. GitHub). There is no manual configuration required.

Webhooks are used to trigger pipeline executions. When you push code to your repository, open a pull request, or create a tag, your forge will automatically send a webhook to Woodpecker which will in turn trigger pipeline execution.

## Configuration

> To configure your pipeline you should place a `.woodpecker.yml` file in the root of your repository. The .woodpecker.yml file is used to define your pipeline steps. It is a superset of the widely used docker-compose file format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure your pipeline you must create a `.woodpecker.yml` file in the root of your repository or in a directory named `.woodpecker`. The .woodpecker.yml file is used to define your pipeline steps. It is a superset of the widely used docker-compose file format.
```
